## **A little about me...**

I am a <mark>UX Engineer</mark> who just finished my masters in <mark>Human-Computer Interaction</mark> from University of Maryland. Curently, I work as a UX Developer at [Olliv By Coinflip](https://www.coinflip.tech) working on their mission to make cryptocurrency accessible to all.
<br/><br/>
As an engineer, researcher, designer and technology lover, my mission is to use technology and design to work towards social good and tackle complex problems in social media, e-commerce and news media. My Masters thesis, titled <mark>"The People's Choice: PAIRing User-Centered Design with Crowdsourcing to Combat Misinformation on TikTok".</mark> received the Dr Frank G Burke Graduate Research Award.
<br/><br/>Prior to this, I was a <mark>Product Design Intern at [Soliyarn](https://www.soliyarn.com)</mark> where I led the project to launch a web portal for the management and visualization of bio-sensing and motion sensing garments. At UMD, I was also a Graduate Design Assistant at the STAMP student union where I worked to deliver over 30 design projects to over 10 clients. In particular, I have worked on redesigning the STAMP website to focus on information hierarchy and event visibility.
<br/><br/>Before coming to UMD, I completed my Bachelor's in Computer Science from Stony Brook University and worked as a software and front-end engineer at companies like Vyer Technologies and the New York Yankees.
<br/><br/>I'm a builder at my core. Whether it be with code, design, writing or just legos. I also thrive on challenges - I learnt how to solve a Rubik's cube because of a challenge, and it led me to a continental record and a Top 10 world ranking. This is what drives my design process - I love experimenting, countlessly prototyping, researching, and challenging myself till satisfaction.
